David Horn: Hello.
Moses Nasser: David
David Horn: Yeah, we can we can hear you. Can you see us. Oh.
Moses Nasser: I see a
David Horn: Video. Let's see. Oh, there you go.
Moses Nasser: No, no, your time.
Well,
Moses Nasser: Okay, nice to meet you. I'm Dr. Moses.
Hi.
Moses Nasser: Sorry, just grabbing a snack kind of
closer to each other.
David Horn: We were eating to
Moses Nasser: Know. Okay, cool.
Moses Nasser: All right, let's see here.
Moses Nasser: One second.
Moses Nasser: Okay, David horn.
Yes.
Moses Nasser: And what's your date of birth.
Moses Nasser: Okay, and
Moses Nasser: So tell me, what's your drug of choice.
Moses Nasser: Okay, heroin and how did you use to take it.
Moses Nasser: And how much were you using
Moses Nasser: Three almost three grams a day.
Moses Nasser: All right, a lot of heroin.
Moses Nasser: And when's the last time that you used heroin.
David Horn: Eight days ago.
Moses Nasser: Okay.
Moses Nasser: So let's look at the calendar.
Moses Nasser: So would it be last Friday or last Thursday.
David Horn: Am I right in there. Yeah, it was last Friday.
Moses Nasser: Last Friday. Okay, so we're going to say last use was January 31 and when you're clean day is February 1 2020
Moses Nasser: Ones. The first time that you're using heroin. How old are you,
Moses Nasser: 2022 okay
David Horn: Yeah, I just turned on the 19th of January.
Moses Nasser: Okay. Happy birthday.
David Horn: Thank you.
Moses Nasser: Now,
Moses Nasser: When you used to slam it. Where did you injected in your arms.
David Horn: Yeah, and I did it. Sometimes in my neck veins.
Moses Nasser: Do you have any marks. Can you show me in the in the camera.
David Horn: Oh,
David Horn: I don't know if I'd be marching out in my neck.
Moses Nasser: Okay, it looks
Moses Nasser: Okay.
Moses Nasser: What about your arms. How are they looking
Moses Nasser: At any infections or anything. I don't see any redness sitting looks pretty good.
Moses Nasser: Oh,
David Horn: That's from an abscess this summer.
Moses Nasser: Is that so that's a scar.
David Horn: Yeah, it was a pretty deep abscess, you had to summer.
David Horn: Okay, yeah, they go in there and take all of us will tissue it out.
Well,
David Horn: All my muscle tissue in there was that good stuff. So
Moses Nasser: Okay, and physical exam.
Moses Nasser: left posterior arms scarring going from the shoulder, all the way almost down to the elbow. No sign of infection or theme no past no discharge otherwise normal physical exam.
Moses Nasser: Okay.
Moses Nasser: Um, any other drugs. What else
David Horn: I was doing crystal meth for a little bit, but I recently just stopped doing that too.
Okay.
Moses Nasser: And when you would do crystal meth. Um, how would you take it. Would you slam it also
David Horn: I was young.
Moses Nasser: When how much were you using
David Horn: Oh,
David Horn: A lot
David Horn: How much guys do. Maybe I used to do maybe
David Horn: Three, four gram shots.
Moses Nasser: So how many grams a day. Would that be
Moses Nasser: Three or four grams for the whole day or
Moses Nasser: About four grams a day. Yeah, okay.
David Horn: About today.
Moses Nasser: Okay so methods IV programs day and then
Moses Nasser: When's the last time you use
Moses Nasser: This is to go
Moses Nasser: Two days ago.
David Horn: Okay, no, it's two days ago when I when I stopped doing it.
Moses Nasser: Okay, so next last use was February 5 clean day February six, so you clean days, really yesterday.
David Horn: Yeah.
Moses Nasser: Okay.
Moses Nasser: And how old were you when you first tried math.
David Horn: Um,
David Horn: What, what do you want to graduate high school
Moses Nasser: 20 okay oh
David Horn: No, I, I started using that when I was 19
Moses Nasser: Okay, I was still in high school.
Moses Nasser: Okay, got it. So first use for math is on 19 years old.
Moses Nasser: And
Moses Nasser: And how long for for heroin and meth. How long has it been that you've been using every day.
David Horn: This time heroin heroin. I use I've used for about over a year, a little bit over a year.
David Horn: Okay, and then crystal i've been i've been using crystal for five, six years.
Moses Nasser: Six years straight with no break
Moses Nasser: Yeah.
Moses Nasser: Yeah. All right.
Moses Nasser: Any other drugs.
David Horn: Marijuana know
Moses Nasser: How much marijuana. Were you smoking.
Moses Nasser: One lunch per day.
Moses Nasser: Now, like a gram
David Horn: Yeah, somewhere on there.
Moses Nasser: Okay, can you smoke it usually
Moses Nasser: Okay, yeah.
Moses Nasser: And
Moses Nasser: How old were you when you first smoke pot.
David Horn: 11 the ball.
Moses Nasser: And even smoking every day since then.
David Horn: Yeah.
Moses Nasser: Yeah. Okay. Yes, sir. Okay. All right, thank you for being honest with me for talking with me. I appreciate it.
Moses Nasser: What else any Bezos
Moses Nasser: No, no, no, Xanax Klonopin advantage.
David Horn: Now, I've never been a really cool guy. Honestly, I didn't like
Moses Nasser: Okay, taking medication.
Moses Nasser: Okay.
Moses Nasser: Any other drugs.
David Horn: Know,
Moses Nasser: What about alcohol.
David Horn: How much do you love it. I haven't, I haven't drank for like two years old.
Moses Nasser: Okay. When was your last race.
David Horn: Two years ago, I don't remember the date, though.
Moses Nasser: Two years ago, okay.
Moses Nasser: Oh,
David Horn: Yeah I quit drinking in the night started having a withdrawals for drinking it was dying a couple times. So I never touched it again.
Moses Nasser: HMM, I SEE.
David Horn: Yeah. I forgot. So sorry for my language.
Moses Nasser: Class. Okay.
Moses Nasser: So when you were drinking back then. How much were you drinking every day.
David Horn: A lot of water.
David Horn: I drink, maybe a bottle of liquor day
Moses Nasser: 830 pack.
David Horn: Yeah.
Moses Nasser: So like a fifth of vodka plus another 20 to 30 years
David Horn: Yep.
Moses Nasser: And how long was that going on for
David Horn: Since ninth grade.
Moses Nasser: Since ninth grade. Wow.
David Horn: Me, My friends, like me, my friends like party.
Moses Nasser: Okay, got it. So ninth grade. You were like 13
David Horn: Yeah.
Moses Nasser: All the way until, until when did you stop drinking. He said, Oh, you said two years ago. So yeah, in
20 or 21
David Horn: We've all been sick here at the shelter.
No.
Moses Nasser: So the alcohol would be from 13
Moses Nasser: From age 13 to 21
Moses Nasser: Yeah, okay.
Moses Nasser: All right, what else
David Horn: Nothing else. That's it. Okay.
Moses Nasser: All right, so not right.
David Horn: That's enough. Yeah.
Moses Nasser: Do you have a history of HIV or hepatitis.
David Horn: No, no, no, no.
Moses Nasser: Have you ever had a seizure before
David Horn: When I was a little kid. Yeah.
Moses Nasser: When you were a kid.
David Horn: I was about. Yeah. I was about maybe
David Horn: Six or seven I had one of my grandma's house when I was taking a nap.
Moses Nasser: Were you did you have a fever Vic.
David Horn: I had all of it. Everything referring to this area that my whole body was hot.
David Horn: It wasn't just my head.
David Horn: My whole body was hot.
Moses Nasser: Okay, so you probably had a febrile seizures childhood febrile seizure, it only happened one time, right.
David Horn: Yeah.
Moses Nasser: We never had a seizure. When you like stop drinking or when you quit like doing drugs.
David Horn: No, when I stopped drinking
David Horn: I did get really sick. But it was I didn't, I didn't have a seizure, but my hands will cramp up to cramp up like this.
Moses Nasser: Was like
David Horn: Weird
You know, I mean, so
David Horn: When I when I stopped drinking. I went through dehydration, because I didn't drink too much water when I was drinking those daily drink alcohol Amy Yeah I was my body was really dehydrated and I was going through it, but the doctors helped me with that and hydrating me a lot. So
Moses Nasser: Okay, good.
Moses Nasser: And I like to ask everybody about their spirituality. Do you feel comfortable sharing your faith with me, are you what kind of spirituality. You believe in God or Christian or atheists.
David Horn: Yeah, I believe in God, I'm a Christian. Yeah.
Moses Nasser: Christian. Okay, thank you for sharing that with me.
Moses Nasser: I'm actually a Christian also. Okay.
Moses Nasser: Um, let's see, um, any past medical history do you take any medicines every day, or do you have any like ongoing medical problems that you know have
David Horn: No, I don't have any ongoing problems, but I do, I do take Suboxone everyday.
Moses Nasser: Even take
Moses Nasser: LONG HAVE YOU BEEN TAKEN days.
Moses Nasser: Okay.
Or seven days.
Moses Nasser: And how much
Moses Nasser: How many are you taking a day.
David Horn: One or two. I'm sorry.
David Horn: I'm taking one in the morning, one at night before bed.
Moses Nasser: Are you having any cravings.
David Horn: Cravings I have been craving.
David Horn: Every day.
Moses Nasser: What do you have any cravings for to use what
David Horn: For what
David Horn: I'm having cravings to do heroin.
Moses Nasser: Even when you're taking Suboxone
David Horn: Yes, sir.
Moses Nasser: What is your cravings level, on a scale one to 10
Is it
Moses Nasser: Show you taking two pills. Is this Suboxone eight milligrams
David Horn: Yeah, just there.
Moses Nasser: So you're taking two of those a day under your tongue.
David Horn: Yeah, and you
Moses Nasser: Know I'm involved in everything anyway. And you still having 10 out of 10 cravings to use heroin.
David Horn: Yes, sir.
Moses Nasser: Are you having any withdrawal symptoms like diarrhea, vomiting, or stomach cramping.
David Horn: No. Nope.
Moses Nasser: Okay.
Moses Nasser: And you don't have like any like diabetes or blood pressure. Any those kinds of problems, right.
Moses Nasser: No, sir. And you don't take any medicines, except for the Suboxone
David Horn: Nope.
Moses Nasser: Have you struggled in the past or don't brush.
Oh,
David Horn: He was taking the the Atlanta pain or
David Horn: Yeah, he was taking it back at the same time that he got the Suboxone but I've been taking those at all. So,
Moses Nasser: Um, so, how long have you been taking olanzapine for
Moses Nasser: Set a new medicine or have you been on a Friday.
David Horn: No, I took it once or twice when I started taking that because I wasn't feeling nauseous know where
David Horn: It was for nausea, they gave it to him with the Suboxone yeah
Moses Nasser: For now. Yeah, it is.
Moses Nasser: Are you sure was olanzapine
David Horn: Am I saying maybe I'm saying the wrong one. It was, for it was for him.
Moses Nasser: So friend. Okay, that's not okay so olanzapine Zyprexa. All right.
Moses Nasser: My bad.
David Horn: So Fran is on Dan Citroen
Moses Nasser: Okay, no problem. I apologize. That's okay. Okay, so we had some so friend for nausea nausea went away been on Suboxone for a week.
Moses Nasser: Okay.
Moses Nasser: You have a history of depression or anxiety that you know
David Horn: No.
Moses Nasser: No.
Moses Nasser: Have you ever thought about hurting yourself.
David Horn: If you, if you call breaking up with a excellent and her doing you really, really dirty and putting into depression. Yeah.
David Horn: Well, I started doing heroin.
Moses Nasser: And that was what
Moses Nasser: A year ago.
Moses Nasser: A year ago. Yeah.
Moses Nasser: And did the depression stay or what do you think, or do they kind of go away.
David Horn: I still have a little bit, but I'm not sure it's not too hard, no more.
David Horn: I know she's nothing worse this piece of shit. And I don't care what
Moses Nasser: I see.
Moses Nasser: Have you ever taken medicine for depression or anxiety.
David Horn: No, not have it.
David Horn: Yes, to answer your question, I have thought about myself a couple times.
Moses Nasser: You have
Moses Nasser: Tell me, tell me about that when when when we're those times when did that happen.
David Horn: When I was using when I was using heroin.
Moses Nasser: When you were using heroin. And so how long ago was the last week when, when was the last time you thought about hurting yourself. How long ago was that
David Horn: Maybe like two or three months ago.
Moses Nasser: Okay. And at that time, did you have a plan of what you were going to do.
David Horn: Yeah.
Moses Nasser: What are you going to do
David Horn: Was going to get all this so much heroin and do that one time and try to kill myself. But just never happened.
David Horn: I wouldn't it as much. I mean, I'll do so much heroin to try to myself, but nothing would happen. You mean I won't fill it or anything so
So,
Moses Nasser: Oh, wow. Yeah. So you actually had a suicide attempt. Then you actually did try to kill yourself.
David Horn: Or turn your so called pages.
Moses Nasser: So, and both times it was by trying to overdose yourself.
Sure.
Moses Nasser: So one time was two months ago you said
Moses Nasser: When was the other time.
David Horn: Me and my girlfriend broke up.
Moses Nasser: Oh, so, so one year ago, then
David Horn: Yeah, when I first started doing heroin. Yeah, I didn't even work then today will work. When I first started doing
Moses Nasser: Wow. Well, thank God, you know, that means that you know you're here for a reason. He kept you around.
David Horn: Your
Moses Nasser: Work. You got some work to do on this earth.
David Horn: Yep. Yeah.
Moses Nasser: So are you having any thoughts about killing yourself now.
David Horn: No.
Moses Nasser: Okay, that's good.
Moses Nasser: What are a couple of things that you're living for
Moses Nasser: You have kids.
David Horn: Know, I have a little sister and my brother son that I'm trying to be in their life. So I'm not in the last hour and also kind of hurting me. Really, really badly, not to be so I'm trying to clean so I can be
Moses Nasser: Yeah, that's definitely a good reason to get clean. How old is your nephew.
David Horn: A couple months.
David Horn: Almost eight. Yeah. Well, my little sister is two years.
Moses Nasser: And your sister is two years old.
David Horn: Yeah.
Moses Nasser: Wow, that's awesome started
David Horn: Talking she's already talking and running and
Moses Nasser: Oh my goodness.
Playing basketball.
Moses Nasser: And motivation.
Moses Nasser: That's awesome. That's amazing.
Moses Nasser: You have a lot to live for.
David Horn: Yeah, she's a smart girl knows more
Moses Nasser: That's awesome. That's awesome.
Moses Nasser: Wow. Sometimes God can God can bless us in ways that we don't really understand, you know,
Moses Nasser: Give us things that we don't understand. And, you know,
Moses Nasser: That's a gift that they're there. You know you some really to look
Moses Nasser: For and look forward. Yeah. Hope you get clean, you know,
You know,
Moses Nasser: All right.
Moses Nasser: Let me ask you a couple other questions you have any thoughts about hurting someone else.
David Horn: No.
I'm fine.
Moses Nasser: We already said no, diarrhea and vomiting no stomach cramping. Are you having any headache blurry vision ringing in the ears.
David Horn: Any having
David Horn: I'm having a little bit of blurry visions at times. And then, yeah, I have a fucking crazy migraine every day.
Moses Nasser: Oh, you're having headaches every day huh
Moses Nasser: Have you been to the doctor for your headache.
Moses Nasser: How long have you
Moses Nasser: How long have you had it for maybe
David Horn: Three days.
Moses Nasser: Three days. And do you tend to get headaches. Have you gotten headaches in the past.
David Horn: I've had issues in the past but not through days in a row like this.
Moses Nasser: And how bad is it on a scale of one to 10
David Horn: Five bear war. No.
Moses Nasser: Okay. All right.
Moses Nasser: Um,
Moses Nasser: Are you eating. Okay.
Moses Nasser: Eating a little bit of food and drinking some fluids.
David Horn: Yeah yeah I'm eating I'm eating right
Okay.
David Horn: Not doing it. I'm not drinking the water I'm supposed to start drinking more water but
Definitely
Moses Nasser: Um,
And then
David Horn: That's something I feel to do something.
Moses Nasser: Yeah. Are you sleeping.
Moses Nasser: Are you sleeping. Okay.
Moses Nasser: You know asleep.
David Horn: I'm stuck. Okay, and
David Horn: No, I, I've been up for a couple days. It's hard for me to fall asleep and stay asleep.
Moses Nasser: It's hard for you to. Is that a problem that you've dealt with a lot in the past to
Moses Nasser: No, no, it's just sometimes just since you stopped using
Mm hmm.
Moses Nasser: Have you ever had a medicine called trouser down before or Seroquel. Have you ever taken any medicine for sleep.
David Horn: Right.
David Horn: I've taken him a couple times, but I was prescribed them though.
Moses Nasser: Oh, which one did.
David Horn: I I've had, I've had, I've had people give me try that.
Moses Nasser: Okay okay for you.
David Horn: Yeah, I did. But
David Horn: It didn't work that day but it's fine. I mean, it took a while for it to kick in, is what I'm trying to say. But yeah, word
Moses Nasser: Okay, let me ask you this question. Do you ever hear voices that aren't there.
All the time.
Moses Nasser: Like an audible voice I
Hear
David Horn: I hear a female voice saying winning 24 seven i mean it's it's weird, like I out here for a while they'll stop.
David Horn: Like
David Horn: It's weird. I've heard. I've heard of woman's voice a lot throughout my life call my name and nobody either or nobody say my name or anything.
Moses Nasser: It doesn't sound familiar. It's like somebody that you know
David Horn: Yeah.
Moses Nasser: Who is it
David Horn: I want to say it's one moment, sometimes. But then again, it sounds like an ex girlfriend that I had grown up.
Moses Nasser: And does she ever tell you to do things.
David Horn: No.
Moses Nasser: Does she ever tell you anything or is it just saying your name.
David Horn: She says, My name.
Moses Nasser: Is it happening right now.
Moses Nasser: Do you ever feel like, are there any other voices, like you're here.
David Horn: No, not really.
Moses Nasser: Do you ever feel like people are watching you or people are after you
David Horn: 24 seven every day.
Moses Nasser: Tell me about it.
David Horn: There used to be nights that I will go out recycle live down there underneath the bridge and just feel like they're people following me.
David Horn: hiding in the bushes and following me and watching what I do.
David Horn: I'll have the same cars pass by me or just weird.
Moses Nasser: I must have been scary but
David Horn: The, the thing, the thing with the people following me like I actually hear something or hear something behind me walking
David Horn: And then when I turn around with fasting, what will be there.
David Horn: Like you pits is not even human it's all, it's kind of spirit or something.
And
Moses Nasser: I see.
Moses Nasser: That must be really hard.
Moses Nasser: And the art to do with it.
David Horn: Trips me out a lot.
David Horn: I told her friends I
David Horn: Told the
David Horn: Doctor anyone this, but when I was little GROWN UP IN MY MOM'S HOME. I'll have my own room in there in the dark and hear, hear things
David Horn: See some some dark shadow in the corner sitting there lingering watching
David Horn: And they told me that I told him that I could have closed doors on my doors because I'll hear something inside the closet tapping on my door.
David Horn: Knocking on it, you know.
Wow.
Moses Nasser: Well,
Moses Nasser: Has anyone ever giving you medicine to try to help with that stuff.
Moses Nasser: Know,
David Horn: Like I said, I've been told anyone that
David Horn: Yeah, you
David Horn: Know, but
Moses Nasser: Well, thank you for telling me that. Thank you for sharing it, because I know that must be really, really hard to share that with somebody you know cuz
Moses Nasser: You're probably like when I'm wondering whether someone going to think about me or something like that. So it takes a lot of courage to do that.
Moses Nasser: So thank you for sharing it. Okay.
David Horn: You're welcome. Thank you.
Moses Nasser: Of course, man. I'm just, I just wanna yeah I mean my heart goes out to you and I know that you're suffering a lot with this. I, I would love to be able to help you, you know,
Moses Nasser: Well, yeah, there's this medicine, um, there's this medicine. It's called Seroquel and what it does is it just like calms down your brain a little bit
Moses Nasser: So that sometimes it can calm down the voices can stop and maybe stop feeling like people are after you, you know. And the other thing is a side effect is that it makes you, it helps you sleep.
Moses Nasser: And that might be
Moses Nasser: Good for you. It seems like you haven't slept since you were a kid.
Moses Nasser: I feel like you've been awake.
Moses Nasser: Feeling like
Moses Nasser: awake. Oh, yeah. Yeah. All right.
Moses Nasser: All right. Are you open to trying something like that.
Moses Nasser: Trying like some medicine.
David Horn: I just, I was honestly going to talk to my case with her about that, honestly, because
David Horn: Really good. Yeah.
David Horn: Calm down the line, because my mind hurts.
Moses Nasser: Your mind. Yeah, I don't blame you bring
Moses Nasser: Okay.
Moses Nasser: Well,
Moses Nasser: I think that this is kind of like a I think this was perfect timing for all of us, and
Moses Nasser: I think that that medicine might really help you a lot if we, if we think we should try it.
Moses Nasser: Yeah, I
Moses Nasser: Think we should try it.
Moses Nasser: Let's try it out. And then, and then, you know, I want to make sure that it's working for you and I want to see if you know I want to make sure you're not having any side effects and I want to make sure it's helping you. So I want to keep close close contact with you, you know,
Moses Nasser: So it's not one keep checking on you, until the medicine is working.
Moses Nasser: Okay.
Moses Nasser: So, um,
Moses Nasser: So let's start with
Moses Nasser: Let's start with 100 milligrams and night.
Moses Nasser: Let's do that for the next three, four days.
Moses Nasser: And then I'll see you again on today's Friday. So, Saturday, Sunday, Monday. So let's see how you sleep tonight Saturday night Sunday night, and then I'll see you again on Monday.
Moses Nasser: And
Moses Nasser: So on Monday. I want to see you by yourself. Michael quick, I'm not gonna see you in group.
Moses Nasser: Good. So I'll see you at
Moses Nasser: Want to see you at one o'clock.
David Horn: Do we just accept
David Horn: The call the same way.
Moses Nasser: Yeah, but it's, uh, yeah, actually, it will be the same way. So go to the bright heart health, the homepage and law and clock check in over there.
Moses Nasser: And then once you check in, you go over to my zoom room, and I'm going to tell them I'm having a one on one with him at one o'clock.
Moses Nasser: So is he out of his Suboxone
David Horn: Yes, and if you call it in all the pick it up for him.
Moses Nasser: Okay, let me make sure that I have his arm.
Moses Nasser: The correct pharmacy computer. Okay.
David Horn: Yeah, they confirmed it earlier, you should have Walgreens it on
Moses Nasser: McHenry 1100 or something. I can
Moses Nasser: Say I have that. So I'm going to send him in. So I don't know about the cravings are really high school a 10 out of 10
Moses Nasser: I don't like to change me he's
David Horn: He's acting a lot better than he was. All right, hold on, hold on, wait a month on the Dr.
David Horn: Greene free guided meditation. I'm sorry I'm not doing a lot better than you did last week when we send it to the Suboxone
David Horn: So I know he's still struggling, but he is really doing well. I think he's probably fighting it.
David Horn: Emotionally, more than anything else. And there's not a whole lot to do here. So we are trying to find some type of other activities to
David Horn: You know, keep them occupied. So I'm working pretty closely with them. He comes in every day I check in with them all day long.
David Horn: And so we're working on that. The best we can and encouraging him to go out and mental health assessment. Some continue therapy, whatever you all can, you know, consider and I have been
David Horn: Trying to bring up the idea of rehab or going to some kind of treatment program but you know that's it's going to have to be up to him, you know, of course I want it, but he has to want it to.
Moses Nasser: Yeah, well, this is definitely you know the bright heart health is a rehab program. I mean, it's not inpatient obviously so it's it's limited.
Moses Nasser: You know something in patient or a residential program would be great.
Moses Nasser: You know, I think residential program would be great, you know, if he could do that but you know I can do what I can for him.
Moses Nasser: Trust him up. So besides the circle. I just don't know if I should increases Suboxone right now. Or if we can
Moses Nasser: Kind of see how he how he does with the circle on board first.
Moses Nasser: You know,
Moses Nasser: What do you think, do you think we should increase your Suboxone because it's already a good dose, you know, 60 milligrams is not a low dose.
Moses Nasser: But you are using a lot of the no
David Horn: No, I don't think we should increase it yet.
David Horn: Circle works too.
Moses Nasser: Okay.
Moses Nasser: That's what I find right now as you're sleeping.
Moses Nasser: That's, that's what we'll do, then that's
Moses Nasser: That's what we'll do. So we're sorry Seroquel. I'm going to give you Suboxone. I'm going to give you enough for today two pills today.
Moses Nasser: Saturday, Sunday, Monday, that's for. So I'll give you 10 pills and then I'll see you on Monday. And then when I see you on Monday. I'll give you another refill for the Suboxone because we do that every week. The Suboxone
Moses Nasser: Okay, okay.
Moses Nasser: And then we're going to see how you've been sleeping and and how things are going and see if we need to make an adjustment to the Seroquel maybe we can we can always go up or down on the Seroquel. So we have a lot of room to play.
Moses Nasser: Now, I do have to tell you that there is a possible side effects. Couple of side effects with the circle that I have to let you know about them before I give you the medicine. Okay, so one of the side effects, is that it can cause weight gain.
David Horn: Yeah.
Moses Nasser: The other side effect is that it can cause like some people get like muscle movements, you know, and the move their mouth like this, you know, and so if that happens, then we would just definitely stop the medicine.
Moses Nasser: Okay, I'm given your situation. I think that if we look at the risk or the side effects of taking the medicine versus the benefit how you're going to feel if you take it. I think the benefits outweigh the risks.
David Horn: Yeah.
Moses Nasser: But you're the one that has to make that decision.
Moses Nasser: You agree. You agree with that. Yeah.
Moses Nasser: Yeah, so you want to start it. You want to start the Seroquel then
Moses Nasser: Okay, I'll go ahead and send those two medicines to the pharmacy and I'll see you guys on on Monday at one o'clock. Let me send her a message to add add him to the schedule right now.
Moses Nasser: David horn.
Moses Nasser: ONE ON ONE WITH ME 1pm
Moses Nasser: Monday patient is aware
Moses Nasser: Okay, you guys have any final questions for me. Oh, one more thing. This Suboxone you can't combine it with, you know, if you add heroin to it or Xanax or alcohol or anything. You know, you can overdose and die.
Moses Nasser: Okay, okay.
Moses Nasser: All right, you guys have any other questions for me.
David Horn: Now I'll just make sure that these here at one o'clock, and I'll get the medications form and just let us know. We need to do and will support that.
Moses Nasser: Sounds good. Okay.
Moses Nasser: You have your wife. Do you have a Bible.
David Horn: No.
Find one
David Horn: Drink and get him on the Salvation Army. So we've
David Horn: Got Bible that
David Horn: No prizes. So
Moses Nasser: Let's crack open the Psalms, read the Psalms. They're very comforting and if you get real brave. You can crack open Joshua
Moses Nasser: Joshua goes out and just all the peoples man Joshua's crazy has conquered
Moses Nasser: God goes before him and he conquers everyone
David Horn: So, oh yeah.
David Horn: Good. Alright, alright.
Moses Nasser: Well, we'll do that. Okay. So I'll see you guys on Monday.
Moses Nasser: Or hey. Bye bye.
Moses Nasser: To free the captives.
Moses Nasser: Wow.
Thank You, Jesus.
Moses Nasser: Patience is a low key risk for suicide.
Moses Nasser: Patient is at the Salvation Army army shelter and has support around him.
Moses Nasser: See him for an individual session and three days to assess the effectiveness of Seroquel
Moses Nasser: His diagnosis is opioid use disorder severe heroin will continue Suboxone eight milligrams twice a day, sublingual depression.
Moses Nasser: Insomnia.
Moses Nasser: And we're going to say schizo affective disorder.
Moses Nasser: Start Seroquel 100 milligrams at night, follow up in three days to recheck
Moses Nasser: Curious report on
Moses Nasser: Wow, it's 555 40 minutes with him.
Moses Nasser: At least 40 minutes
Moses Nasser: Cures report and patient has only one prescription on their purse of oxen
Moses Nasser: For seven day supply that was given on January.
31st.
Moses Nasser: Medications have been sent.
Moses Nasser: For a diagnosis schizo affective disorder Seroquel on her milligrams every night Pokemon three days.
Moses Nasser: Insomnia depression.
Moses Nasser: Okay, I think that's everything.
Moses Nasser: Thank you.